<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="going-on-a-test-drive">
    <title>Going on a test drive</title>
    <body>
        <p>Once you have normed on your logic and authoring guidelines, apply them to a small
            publication. Badging is messy stuff and you do not want to implement it for a complete
            doc set until you have tested it out received a "go-ahead" from your stakeholders. When
            they actually see a sample of your "badged" documentation, they may have objections or
            concerns that you had not factored into your initial design.</p>
        <ul>
            <li><p><i>UXD</i>: "Shouldn't the graphic design of the badges conform to the new
                    company UX guidelines?"</p></li>
            <li><p><i>Support</i>: "Some customers are not careful readers and tend to ignore
                    subtleties like these badges. They try something that is not appropriate for
                    their product and then call us. Why are we doing this again? It is increasing
                    our workload."</p></li>
            <li><p><i>Test engineering</i>: "When we tested your procedures in the product-specific
                    manuals, we could clearly identify issues with your writing. The new format is
                    interesting, but we are never quite sure whether we are supposed to be testing
                    all product procedures at once or be tiptoeing through the product-specific
                    procedures one at a time."</p></li>
            <li><p><i>Software engineering</i>: "Sometimes the differences between product features
                    are not binary, not quite so simple as 'supported' or 'not supported'. Some
                    features are "minimally supported" or "mostly supported."</p></li>
            <li><p><i>Sales</i>: In pre-sales discussions, handing prospective customers a manual
                    that documents three products kinda confuses them if they are interested in
                    buying only one."</p></li>
            <li><p><i>Marketing</i>: "I didn't realize that the docs would need so many badges. Can
                    you make them smaller or put them in the margin somewhere?"</p></li>
            <li><p><i>Legal</i>: "Our product documentation serves as the definitive product
                    description. If the documentation does not accurately describe the product that
                    the customer has purchased, we cannot recognize revenue."</p></li>
        </ul>
        <p>Showing everyone a robust sample of badged documentation generates discussion across the
            organization about badging and other requirements for product documentation.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
