<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="dita-flagging">
    <title>DITA flagging</title>
    <body>
        <p>If you can "badge" content variations with <i>either</i> an icon <i>or</i> a text string,
            DITA flagging is the recommended approach. Define these flagging badges in your DITAVAL
            files.</p>
        <codeblock xml:space="preserve" outputclass="xml">&lt;val&gt;
  &lt;!-- The following two badges insert an icon at the beginning of the flagged content --&gt;
  &lt;!-- with the alt-text string appearing as hover or alt-reader text. --&gt;    
  &lt;prop att="product" action="flag" val="cloud-compute-yes-section"&gt;
      &lt;startflag imageref="images/badge_cloud-compute-yes-section.png"&gt;
        &lt;alt-text&gt;This section applies to the CloudSquared Cloud Compute product.&lt;/alt-text&gt;
      &lt;/startflag&gt;
  &lt;/prop&gt;
  &lt;prop att="product" action="flag" val="cloud-compute-no-section"&gt;
      &lt;startflag imageref="images/badge_cloud-compute-no-section.png"&gt;
        &lt;alt-text&gt;This section does not apply to the CloudSquared Cloud Compute product.&lt;/alt-text&gt;
      &lt;/startflag&gt;
  &lt;/prop&gt;

  &lt;!-- The next two badges insert the alt-text string at the beginning of the flagged content. --&gt;
  &lt;prop att="product" action="flag" val="cloud-net-yes-section"&gt;
      &lt;startflag&gt;
        &lt;alt-text&gt;[Cloud Net supported] &lt;/alt-text&gt;
      &lt;/startflag&gt;
  &lt;/prop&gt;
  &lt;prop att="product" action="flag" val="cloud-net-no-section"&gt;
      &lt;startflag&gt;
        &lt;alt-text&gt;[Cloud Net not supported] &lt;/alt-text&gt;
      &lt;/startflag&gt;
  &lt;/prop&gt;
&lt;/val&gt;
</codeblock>
        <p>DITA flagging has the additional benefit of supporting multiple values for flagging
            attributes. In the following example, the <p> element is badged for both
                cloud-compute-yes-section and
                cloud-net-yes-section.</p><codeblock xml:space="preserve" outputclass="xml">&lt;p product="cloud-compute-yes-section cloud-net-yes-section"&gt;
Contact Customer Support for Patch-2019-2335.
&lt;/p&gt;</codeblock><p>DITA
                processors <i>should</i> generate two instances of the badge icon or badge text at
                the beginning of the targeted element. This technique may be the only way with DITA
                flagging to generate <i>both</i> an icon and a text message.</p></p>
    </body>
</topic>
