<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_avv_42r_hkb">
    <title>Prerequisites</title>
    <shortdesc><ph conref="lib_atc_stylesheets.dita#topic_zns_khr_hkb/ph_shortdesc_prerequisites"
        /></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
        <section id="section_nkr_ljr_hkb">
            <p>To make effective use of the <ph keyref="stylesheet-collection-name"/>, you need to
                consider the following prerequisites. </p>
            <note>
                <p>OASIS DITA Adoption TC white papers have no system or software requirements
                    beyond those required by the <ph keyref="stylesheet-collection-name"/>. Review
                    the GitHub home page for the <ph keyref="stylesheet-collection-name"/> at <ph
                        keyref="stylesheet-collection-url"/> for updated prerequisites.</p>
            </note>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ikk_pjr_hkb">
            <title>System requirements</title>
            <p>To use the <ph keyref="stylesheet-collection-name"/>, your system needs to support
                the following.</p>
            <ul id="ul_hjn_vkr_hkb">
                <li>
                    <p><i>Liberation Sans font</i>: Install the open-source Liberation Sans font for
                        official OASIS publications generated from the <ph
                            keyref="stylesheet-collection-name"/>.  </p>
                    <p>For information about installing the Adobe Liberation Sans font see <xref
                            href="https://fonts.adobe.com/fonts/liberation-sans#about-section"
                            format="html" scope="external">Liberation Sans</xref>. </p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="section_z3r_skr_hkb">
            <title>Software requirements</title>
            <p>Before installing and configuring the <ph keyref="stylesheet-collection-name"/>, you
                need to install the following layered software.</p>
            <ul id="ul_osq_slr_hkb">
                <li><i>Java SDK/JDK</i>: If you have never installed the DITA Open Toolkit, you may
                    need to install some version of the Java SDK/JDK. See <xref
                        href="https://www.dita-ot.org/dev/topics/prerequisite-software.html"
                        format="html" scope="external">Prerequisite software</xref> for the DITA
                    Open Toolkit for installation instructions. </li>
                <li><i>DITA Open Toolkit</i>: The <ph keyref="stylesheet-collection-name"/> are
                    distributed as plug-ins for the DITA Open Toolkit version <ph
                        keyref="stylesheet-dita-ot-version"/> or higher. See <xref
                        href="https://www.dita-ot.org/dev/topics/installing-client.html"
                        format="html" scope="external">Installing DITA Open Toolkit</xref> for
                    instructions about installing DITA-OT on your Windows, MacOS, or Linux system.    </li>
                <li>
                    <p><i><xref href="https://www.antennahouse.com/" format="html" scope="external"
                                >Antenna House</xref> PDF Formatter</i>: The
                            <codeph>oasis-pdf-committeeNote</codeph> and
                            <codeph>oasis-pdf-specification</codeph> transformation types require
                        that Antenna House be installed on your system. The
                            <codeph>oasis-pdf-generic</codeph> transformation type does not. </p>
                    <ul id="ul_kpy_mml_fkb">
                        <li>
                            <p>If you have some version of the Antenna House PDF Formatter installed
                                on your system, you may need to update the <codeph>axf.path</codeph>
                                and/or <codeph>axf.cmd</codeph> DITA-OT properties defining the
                                local filepath and local executable name of the PDF Formatter. </p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>If you do not have a version of the Antenna House PDF Formatter
                                installed on your system, you can still generate pre-production PDF
                                output using the DITA-OT default processor (<codeph>fop</codeph>) by
                                updating the OASIS PDF stylesheet properties or by specifying the
                                    <codeph>fop</codeph> processor on the <cmdname>dita</cmdname>
                                command line (<codeph>-Dpdf.formatter=fop</codeph>). </p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </refbody>
</reference>
